What the hell is going on here?
I can't tell for a while
Anyway, I didn't hurt him.
I'm enough here
You can go now.
Why are you alone in the same room?
I'm worried he's pregnant, think again
Ok I'll go
But I warn you not to hurt Xiaoning
Where did this evil spirit go?
How to guarantee
Can you promise to keep an eye on me 24 hours a day?
I'm getting out of here.
Oh, dear.
He didn't abort the baby without telling me, did he?
You're awake
What about Xiao Ke, he left first last night
It's a little heavy.
Thank you. You're okay.
Since you think of me when you are sick
Of course I will take good care of you.
Are you hungry? I'll take you to breakfast
Just breathable
Why are you complimenting me?
It's okay, I think you're very nice.